add pack version to yml file (#2786)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a newline at the end of README files generated in **generate-docs**.
* Added the value `3` (out of bounds) to the `onChangeRepAlg` and `reputationCalc` fields under the `IncidentType` and `GenericType` schemas. **validate** will allow using it now.
* Added support for running **lint** in multiple native-docker images.

> * Added/removed the pack version to/from the script as part of the Unify/Split mechanism (as part of the contribution management process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the pack version to the code files when calling **unify**. The same value is removed when calling **split**.
```
